
#### UK Climate Projections Licence Agreement
between
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Nobel House, Smith
Square, London SW1P 3JR (“the Department”)
and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx (“the Licensee”)

in respect of the UK Climate Projections (“UKCP09”), as supplied under
the Department for The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA),
comprising components of contracts GA01080, GA01099, GA01100, GA01101
and GA01104. (“Data”)

Definitions

Primary Data means unrefined Data which has not been processed or
changed from its original form.
Derived Data means Primary Data which has been processed and converted
into another form.
Restricted Commercial means the use of the Data to create Derived Data
or Use products for commercial exploitation but not licensing the
Primary Data to a third party at a cost above the cost of delivery.
Unrestricted Commercial means Data for commercial exploitation without
use restriction.

1. In consideration of the Licensee agreeing the following terms and
conditions, the Department hereby grants to the Licensee a
non-transferable non-exclusive licence to use the UKCP09 datasets[1] as
follows:
* Primary data for bone fide academic research purposes and for
   restricted commercial use (incorporating the restrictions below)
* Derived Data for any purpose, including unrestricted commercial use.

2. The Licensee shall not use or permit the use of products derived from
the Data for commercial purposes unless they fully and prominently
acknowledge the source of the Data as set out under paragraph 8 of this
licence and state that the Data is available without cost.

3. The Licensee shall not use or permit the use of the Primary Data for
commercial exploitation, business use, resale, or sub-licence to any
third party. Written permission from the Department shall be obtained in
cases where it is not clear whether the intended use falls into the
Derived Data or Primary Data category.

4. The Licensee shall not use or permit the use of Primary Data for
transfer to any third party unless the transfer is undertaken without
charge above the costs of delivery. You must ensure that any customers
that you provide with primary UKCP09 data products have signed up to the
UKCP09 licence agreement at xxxxxxx. Transfer of primary UKCP09 data
products to customers that have not signed the agreement constitutes a
breach of the licence conditions.

5. The Crown, as represented by the Department, retains all intellectual
property rights on the Data, including, but not limited to, all
copyright, all future rights and all rights in the nature of copyright.

6. The licence granted to the Licensee operates as a permission only and
does not imply any obligation or liability or any conditions, warranties
or representations in relation to the accuracy of the Data, on the part
of the Department and organisations[2] responsible for producing UKCP09.

7. The Licensee acknowledges that the Department has made the Data
available on the basis that they reflect current scientific
understanding and that the Licensee is aware of the uncertainty
described in the accompanying reports available on the UKCIP and Defra
websites.

8. The Licensee agrees to use the following acknowledgement in any
publication, scientific report or paper arising from use of the Data:
"(c) Crown Copyright 2009. The UK Climate Projections data have been
made available by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
(Defra) and Department for Energy and Climate Change (DECC) under
licence from the Met Office, Newcastle University, University of East
Anglia and Proudman Oceanographic Laboratory . These organisations
accept no responsibility for any inaccuracies or omissions in the data,
nor for any loss or damage directly or indirectly caused to any person
or body by reason of, or arising out of, any use of this data.”

9. The Licensee agrees that their name, address, email and any research
project titles may be published on the UKCIP, Met Office or Defra
websites.

10. Either party shall be entitled to terminate this licence by giving
to the other not less than thirty (30) days notice in writing to that
effect.

11. This licence shall run from the date of signing of this licence. The
Department reserves the right to terminate this licence without notice
if the Licensee is in breach of any of the conditions herein.

12. This licence shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
English law and both parties hereby agree to submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

Signed



[1] As provided through the UKCP09 user interface and HadRM3 data available through LINK. Requests for
UKCP09-related data not freely available through these means may be subject to a handling charge

[2] The Met Office Hadley Centre; UK Climate Impacts Programme; British Atmospheric Data Centre; Newcastle
University; University of East Anglia; Environment Agency; Tyndall Centre, Proudman Oceanographic
Laboratory, Centre for Environment, Fisheries and Aquaculture Science.
