MODEL DATA USE LICENSE

DMTI is the owner, or the licensee, of the intellectual property rights
(including copyright) in these data products, and this Agreement is only
a license to acquire and use these data products. No title or other
rights are conveyed by this Agreement.

These data products are provided 'as is', and the owner makes no
representations or warranties, either expressed or implied, as to the
appropriateness and fitness for a particular purpose.

These data products are provided for the exclusive purposes of teaching,
academic research and publishing, and/or planning of educational
services within this educational institution, and may not be used for
any other purposes without the explicit written approval, in advance, of
DMTI.

These data products are to be made available only to educators, students
and other staff members of this educational institution (referred to
herein as "authorized users") and only while they have such status with
this educational institution.

Authorized users are prohibited from using these data products and
software in the pursuit of any contractual or income generating ventures
either privately, or under the auspices of the educational institution.

Copies of these data and software products may be retained by authorized
users for the period necessary to conduct the research or teaching,
including their use as evidence of research methodologies and results
and subsequent research and analysis during the term of this agreement.

The distribution of any data obtained under this agreement outside this
educational institution through sale, donation, transfer or exchange of
any portion of the data in any way is strictly prohibited, with the
exception of distribution to bona fide participants in this consortium.
The University consortium contact must agree to such distribution.

The publishing of data and analysis resulting from research using any of
the data products is permitted in research communications such as
scholarly papers, journals and the like. The data to be included in such
communications can only include raster images and must not include
vector data. The authors of these communications are required to cite
DMTI Spatial Inc. as the source of the data, and to indicate that the
results or views expressed are those of the author/authorized user.
